Now the third thing,
we're going to combine both.
So we're going to get the revenue of a movie by customer,
city, and by month.
So, when we go here,
we get the total revenue.
This is the total revenue by month,
and here how to get the month we only have the payment date.
So we're going to use a SQL function.
Sometimes from database management system to the other,
these functions are going to differ a little bit.
But here we'd like to extract the month from the payment date,
and then we get a number like four for April,
three for March, one for Jan, and so forth,
and we indeed know that we actually,
the database spans from January to May.
So we have here the revenues of the five months,
and we ordered actually by the revenue,
it seems we sold most in April.
So, we still didn't do these insights but we just understood now
that which month is the actually most selling month.
Here, now, we need to go and see each movie by each customer,
and which month sold,
like here we have this one, the amount.
So, we have for each movie,
of each customer, in each city, in each month,
we have the customer ID,
and I'm here putting the month and the payment date.
We don't need this column because we want to group by months.
I'm just putting it for illustration purposes so you can see that one is coming from
one and so forth because I'm limiting and probably only restricted to Jan here.
But here look, back then,
when we were computing the top-grossing cities,
we were doing three joins,
and while computing the top-grossing movies,
we were also doing three joints.
Look how things are here,
we are doing like one,
two, three, four, five,
six joins that are hopefully,
we don't get confused when doing them.
Actually, when I was typing this,
I was doing typos and looking what's
the table of this name and what's the key looking here and so forth.
So, you did that complicated join and actually,
this is not very performant at all.
If we start doing this enlarged tables,
joining those seven tables together like that,
things are not going to be really fun in terms of performance.
Then, again, that is not enough because we just got the amount here.
We need to sum
the revenue of each such title, city, and month.
So, we have to go like this title in this city,
in a given month,
gross this amount of revenue irrespective of the customer.
So, we probably had lots of customers in Mannheim,
lots of in Warren and so forth.
Great. So, that is in way something closely related
to the idea of a cube
or something looks like facts and dimensions or these are the dimensions.
We have three dimensions and one fact.